docs: add warning about mounting repositories into Sourcegraph (#2847)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/repo/add_from_local_disk.md

You can also add repositories to Sourcegraph that are already cloned to disk on the host machine. This is useful for repositories requiring non-standard authentication to clone, or very large repositories on which cloning exceeds the resources available to the Docker container.

> > NOTE: Sourcegraph will alter the contents and structure of any sideloaded repository so do not use it for any other purpose.

Reviewer: I don't see the term "sideloaded" used anywhere else in this doc, and it already refers to [loading an extension for local development](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/blob/93393d49cec6170484ba1993c8aab038e62ddcec/doc/extensions/authoring/local_development.md), so I'd try to come up with a different way to phrase this. The [original problem](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/2044#issuecomment-467274490) was:

> I `-v`'ed Gerrit's `git` directory into `/var/opt/sourcegraph/repos`

```suggestion
> NOTE: Sourcegraph will alter the contents and structure of files under `/var/opt/sourcegraph`, so do not mount repositories in use by other processes under that directory.
```
